# Towns
towns_selenium_script

Description.
Script for farming Towns points.
Script working with Dolphin or AdsPower antybrowsers by directly using them.

IMPORTANT:
Script should be executed on the local machine where Dolphin or AdsPower are launched.
It will automatically open browser profiles and work with UI of the Town protocol that makes this script . 

Possible action to perform:
1. create_free_channel 
   Creates Free Channel with generated logo and generated name. Saves the link to data/towns_links/free_towns
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : probability of execution (assume you have 10 accounts. 40% chance means that approximately 4 accounts will execute the action)
   Example of Usage:   create_free_channel -chance=90%
   Default parameters: create_free_channel -chance=100%

2. create_dynamic_channel
   Creates Channel with DYNAMIC price with generated logo and generated name. Saves the link to data/towns_links/dynamic_towns 
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : probability of execution (assume you have 10 accounts. 100% chance means that approximately 10 accounts will execute the action)
   Example of Usage:   create_dynamic_channel -chance=0% 
   Default parameters: create_dynamic_channel -chance=100%

3. create_state_channel
   Creates Channel with STATE price with generated logo and generated name. Saves the link to data/towns_links/state_towns 
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : probability of execution (assume you have 10 accounts. 10% chance means that approximately 1 accounts will execute the action)
        -cost : price for joining in created town
   Example of Usage:   create_state_channel -chance=6%
   Default parameters: create_state_channel -chance=100% -cost=0.1

4. join_free_channel
   Joins SOME FREE channel from the list provided in /data/towns_links/free_towns. 
   Reminder: In that file script saves towns that are created by the script with function create_free_channel on any profile. From the beginning those files already have few links.
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : Just the same as previously
   Example of Usage:   join_free_channel -chance=20%
   Default parameters: join_free_channel -chance=100%

5. join_dynamic_channel
   Joins SOME channel with DYNAMIC price from the list provided in /data/towns_links/dynamic_towns. 
   Reminder: In that file script saves towns that are created by the script with function create_dynamic_channel on any profile. From the beginning those files already have few links. 
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : Just the same as previously
        -cost_limit : Limit of the price you want to pay in ETH. Important for Dynamic channels, because the price grows in log scale. (If there are already 10 participants -> the price = 1 + log(10) = 2 USD (0.001 ETH). If there are already 20 participants -> the price = 1 + log(20) = 2.3 USD (0.00115 ETH)
   Example of Usage:   join_dynamic_channel -chance=20% -cost_limit=0.01
   Default parameters: join_dynamic_channel -chance=100% -cost_limit=0.001

6. join_state_channel
   Joins SOME channel with STATIC price from the list provided in /data/towns_links/state_towns. 
   Reminder: In that file script saves towns that are created by the script with function join_state_channel on any profile. DOES NOT have any links in the beginning
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : Just the same as previously
        -cost_limit : Limit of the price you want to pay in ETH. THE BEST OPTION TO FARM POINTS.
        -link : link for the specific town. If not provided then takes some random from the STATE argument.
   Example of Usage:   join_state_channel -chance=20% -cost_limit=1.0 -link https://app.towns.com/t/0xdc443716b9c203ff3ee9f3631182bfedf205dac8/
   Default parameters: join_state_channel -chance=100% -cost_limit=0.1

7. write_message 
   Writes messages generated by the AI. All other
   Reminder: 
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : Just the same as previously
        -town_type : type of town you want to write messages. Possible options: "free", "dynamic", "state".
        -number : number of messages to write
        -cooldown : delay between messages
        -link : link for the specific town. If not provided then takes some random from the provided in -town_type argument.
   Example of Usage:   write_message -chance=80% -town_type=free -number=0 -cooldown=30 -link=https://app.towns.com/t/0xdc443716b9c203ff3ee9f3631182bfedf205dac8/
   Default parameters: write_message -chance=100% -town_type=state -number=3 -cooldown=20

8. get_daily_points
   Rubs the beaver belly.
   Possible arguments:
        -chance : Just the same as previously
   Example of Usage:   get_daily_points -chance=100%
   Default parameters: get_daily_points -chance=100%

9. okx_withdraw
   Withdraw funds from OKX to your Town wallet.
   Possible arguments:
        -bottom_limit_range : Bottom limit for the withdrawal amount of ETH you want to deposit to your Town wallet
        -top_limit_range : Top limit for the withdrawal amount of ETH you want to deposit to your Town wallet
   Example of Usage:   okx_withdraw -bottom_limit_range=0.005 -top_limit_range=0.01
   Default parameters: okx_withdraw -bottom_limit_range=0.0125 -top_limit_range=0.0175



If you don't want to get into script (STEPS FOR THE LAZY)

Pre run:
1. Set local files:
   1. Create .env in Towns folder and fill it like in env.example
   2. Create profile.csv and fill it like in profiles.example.csv
   3. Create actions.txt and fill it like said a bit further
   4. Fill the Towns/data/state_towns.txt with 1 or 2 links of your Town that you want to abuse to farm points.
      You can previously create a Town on your main account and just copy paste the link into the file.
   5. Download geckodriver by this link: https://anty-browser.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/chromedriver-134.zip
       or go to https://help.dolphin-anty.com/en/articles/7127390-basic-automation-dolphin-anty and download it manually by finding Download ChromeDriver button. 
   6. Unzip files from the archive and put geckodriver (or geckodriver.exe for Windows) file into Town folder.
2. Set OKX. FOR SECOND LAUNCH:
   1. Add all the wallets from Towns to whitelist:
      1. Go to https://www.okx.com/ua/balance/withdrawal-address
      2. Click add address -> add few addresses. 
      3. Paste your addresses from data/towns_wallets.txt. Choose ETH, Base.
      4. Click Save addresses.
      5. CONFIRM all added addresses.
3. Run script
   1. 

If you don't want to create your own list of actions you can simply use actions from below.
Just ensure you followed steps from the above.

FIRST RUN:
create_free_channel -chance=70%
create_dynamic_channel -chance=50%
create_state_channel -chance=20% -cost=0.1
join_free_channel -chance=70%
write_message -chance=100% -town_type=free -number=3 -cooldown=10


SECOND RUN:
okx_withdraw -bottom_limit_range=0.0125 -top_limit_range=0.0175
create_free_channel -chance=70%
create_dynamic_channel -chance=50%
create_state_channel -chance=20% -cost=0.1
join_free_channel -chance=70%
join_dynamic_channel -chance=50% -cost_limit=0.001
join_state_channel -chance=30% -cost_limit=0.1
get_daily_points -chance=95%
write_message -chance=70% -town_type=state -number=3 -cooldown=10
write_message -chance=70% -town_type=dynamic -number=3 -cooldown=10
write_message -chance=70% -town_type=free -number=3 -cooldown=10

I would recommend to deposit to wallets cost of the Town that you want to abuse, link of which you put in the state_town.txt + 5-10 USD in ETH equivalent (0.0025- 0.005 right now)

Disclaimer: All actions will be randomly executed during running the profile except of okx_withdraw that is executed in the beginning and write_message that is executed in the end.
FIRST run. 


